README.md, before:

# PROJECT NAME:
     my-insta

## PROJECT AUTHOR:
    Beatrice Wambui

## PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
   This is an instagram clone project, that is build in Python/Django.

## PROJECT LIVE LINK:
    The live link to the actual view of the project is 

## PROJECT USER-STORY:
    A user is able to sign in to use this application.
    A user is able to upload their photos in to the application.
    A user is able to see their profile photos and all photos the have uploaded.
    A user is able to follow other users and see their photos.
    A user is able to like photos and leave comments.
## PROJECT INSTALLATION & SETUP INSTRUCTIONS:
### Project installation:
    For the project installation process you need the basic installations on your local machine, This include Django,bootstrap  just to mention a few but you can get all they required information on how to get strated in the Django documentation. The   link below leads you to the documentations you can click on it for more information.
 <a href="https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/ 2.2/">Django  </a>
 <a href="https://docs.python.org/3/">Python</a>
 <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/">Stack-overflow</a>
    
### Setup instractions:
    In your local machine you can get the project by following the instructions below:
    > Navigate to the folder where you would like the project to be held (eg) Documents
    > Copy the github link on the clone button and open the terminal (ctr+alt+t) and clone the project to get the exact copy in your machine : git clone https://github.com/BeatriceWambui/my-insta.git
    > To open the directory that hosts your project use the command (cd my-insta) where my-insta is the name of the project.
    > To open the project on a text editor you can use the commands for Visual Studio(code .) for atom( atom .) and others according to the text editor you preffer.
    > You can now work on the project if so you will. 

## TECHNOLOGIES USED IN THIS PROJECT:
* Django 1.11
* Bootstrap3
* css
* javascript
* jquery
* markdown

## LICENSE & COPYRIGHT INFORMATION:
    This project is licensed and below is the link to the license I used feel free to view it:
<a href="https://github.com/BeatriceWambui/my-insta/blob/master/LICENSE">MIT</a>

    copyright@BeatriceWambui2017

## CONTACT INFORMATION
 To reach me you can use the email below:
**wachirabeatice2020@gmail.com**

Commit message:

add a link to heroku deployment

README.md, after:

# PROJECT NAME:
     my-insta

## PROJECT DESCRIPTION:
   This is an instagram clone project, that is build in Python/Django.

## PROJECT LIVE LINK:
    The live link to the actual view of the project is 
    For more on deployment to Heroku you can follow this documentation link:
<a href='https://devcenter.heroku.com/categories/reference'>Heroku</a>

## PROJECT USER-STORY:
    A user is able to sign in to use this application.
    A user is able to upload their photos in to the application.
    A user is able to see their profile photos and all photos the have uploaded.
    A user is able to follow other users and see their photos.
    A user is able to like photos and leave comments.

## PROJECT INSTALLATION & SETUP INSTRUCTIONS:
### Project installation:
    For the project installation process you need the basic installations on your local machine, This include Django,bootstrap  just to mention a few but you can get all they required information on how to get strated in the Django documentation. The   link below leads you to the documentations you can click on it for more information.
 <a href="https://docs.djangoproject.com/en/ 2.2/">Django  </a>
 <a href="https://docs.python.org/3/">Python</a>
 <a href="https://stackoverflow.com/">Stack-overflow</a>
    
### Setup instractions:
    In your local machine you can get the project by following the instructions below:
    > Navigate to the folder where you would like the project to be held (eg) Documents
    > Copy the github link on the clone button and open the terminal (ctr+alt+t) and clone the project to get the exact copy in your machine : git clone https://github.com/BeatriceWambui/my-insta.git
    > To open the directory that hosts your project use the command (cd my-insta) where my-insta is the name of the project.
    > To open the project on a text editor you can use the commands for Visual Studio(code .) for atom( atom .) and others according to the text editor you preffer.
    > You can now work on the project if so you will. 

## TECHNOLOGIES USED IN THIS PROJECT:
* Python3 
* Django 1.11
* Bootstrap3
* css
* markdown

## PROJECT AUTHOR:
    Beatrice Wambui

## LICENSE & COPYRIGHT INFORMATION:
    This project is licensed and below is the link to the license I used feel free to view it:
<a href="https://github.com/BeatriceWambui/my-insta/blob/master/LICENSE">MIT</a>

    copyright@BeatriceWambui2017

## CONTACT INFORMATION
 To reach me you can use the email below:
**wachirabeatice2020@gmail.com**
